`azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment` - deprecate in favour of `azurerm_security_center_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment` (#15747)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment.html.markdown

Manages an Azure Server Vulnerability Assessment (Qualys) to a VM.

> -> **NOTE** This resource has been deprecated in favour of azurerm_security_center_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment and azurerm_security_center_hybrid_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment and will be removed in v3.0 of the AzureRM Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** This resource has been deprecated in favour of `azurerm_security_center_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment` and `azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment_arc_virtual_machine` and will be removed in v4.0 of the AzureRM Provider.
```
